language about voting phases and a PR template (#82)
jupyter/governance: .github/pull_request_template.md

Thanks for participating in Jupyter governance ✨
Below are a few guidelines for making your proposed change as efficient and productive
as possible.

> ## Questions to answer ❓

Reviewer: Wow, TIL about another whole area of unicode characters. "red question mark" really is a thing. As well as things like ⁉️ and ❣️

Please answer the following questions along with your proposed change:

> **Background or context to help other understand the change.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Background or context to help others understand the change.**
```

**A brief summary of the change.**

**What is the reason for this change?**

**Alternatives to making this change and other considerations.**

## The process ❗

The process for changing the governance pages is as follows:

* Open a pull request **in draft state**. This triggers a discussion and iteration phase
  for your proposed changes.
* When you believe enough discussion has happened,
  **move the pull request to an active state**. This triggers a vote.
* During the voting phase, no substantive changes may be made to the pull request.
* The Steering Council will vote, and at the end of voting the pull request is merged or closed.

The discussion phase is meant to gather input and multiple perspectives from the community.
Make sure that the community has had an opportunity to weigh in on
the change **before calling a vote**. A good rule of thumb is to ask several steering council
members if they believe that it is time for a vote, and to let at least one person review

> the pull request for structural quality and type-os.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the pull request for structural quality and typos.
```
https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/typo
